[Rep] Thank you very much. Um, this is the uh RM of Springfield meeting agenda for November the 20th of uh 2025. Uh, starting at exactly uh 6:00 p.m. Uh, I'm Mayor Patrick Terrian and uh all of council is present in person. Um, and I'll identify them in descending order is uh to my right and descending order is Deputy Mayor Glenn Fuel, Councillor Andy Kazinski, uh Councillor um Mark Miller and uh Councillor Melinda Warren. Um, we'll go to the approval of the agenda, please. If I can get a mover and a second for that, please. Councillors uh Fuel and uh Warren. Any uh questions with regards to the agenda at all? I just uh for the record there and I've discussed with the council, I'd like to move uh the Mozel Brothers there that's 5.1 uh for Jeremy to 5.5, 5.1 and 5.5 together. That way we can not have to wait till the very end for the variance. It's conditional use and variance respectively. Same thing for Trevor and that's 5.2 to 5.6. Uh so that's what we'll handle conditional use and then the variance. Is council good with that? I see that's all fine. Could I just get a show of hands after the approval of the agenda then? That is unanimous, so carried. Adoption of the minutes, please. Uh that's uh for October the 23rd. Uh mover and a second, please. Uh Kazinski and uh Warren. Any uh changes to the uh October 23rd uh council meeting? Nothing. Then I get a show of hands uh for adopting uh the uh the minutes. That's unanimous and so carried. We'll go to the public hearings uh before we get started, I'll have to read this for the for the record. Uh public hearing matters will now be heard under the Planning Act. Council wishes to thank you for attending this evening and taking interest in your community. The public hearing process is as follows. Excuse me, the public uh first, the public notice will be read out indicating the intent of the application. Uh two, the development officer will provide a summary and information pertaining to the proposal. Three, those that wish to make a presentation and speak on a planning matter must sign in. Um, printing your name, mailing address and indicate for against or for informational purposes or inquiries. You'll be given the opportunity to make a presentation or to speak on the matter presented before council. Opportunities uh for presentation or to speak on the matter will be in the following order. Uh, first will be the applicant who will speak or make a presentation on the proposed application. Then it'll be open for inquiries that will give the opportunity to ask for clarification on what the planning matter is proposed. Uh those uh next will be those in in favor. This will give those that are in favor of the the opportunity to speak. And uh last is those in opposition. This will give those that are in opposition the opportunity to speak as well. Uh when you begin speaking, please state your name and address and reminder that at all times you direct your comments or questions to myself, uh the chair and that'll be at the podium right over there. Uh and once everyone has had an opportunity to speak, council may close the public hearing on the matter after which uh further input from the public will not be permitted for uh legal reasons. It is important that if you wish to speak and be heard on a planning matter, now is the time to make representation. Again, once I close uh the uh public hearing, no further discussions will be allowed. Um, then we'll go to uh item uh 5.1. That's the first one on there for Jeremy Mozel for uh a home industry. Uh can I get a mover and a second, please for that? Uh Miller and uh Warren. [Participant 1] We have conditional use 25-49. The proposal is to permit a home industry being a mechanic repair shop business and related signage on the land as per section 84314 within the AG Agricultural General zoning district. This is located at 59049 Mill Road in the southwest quarter of 34108. Mr. Mozel is requesting council's approval for a home industry to operate a mechanic repair business on the land. As per Mr. Mozel's letter of intent, uh he is a heavy-duty mechanic and the owner operator of the business. He is currently the only employee. If demand and business increase, he will uh want to consider hiring up to three additional employees to assist in the future. Hours of operation, um will be Monday to Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Mr. Mozel's business plan is to accept and to work on heavy-duty equipment and personal vehicles. Types of work and service that he will be conducting uh will be as follows: oil changes, engine repairs, body and frame repair. There'll be no auto body or spray spray booths or anything of that nature. There'll be welding and vehicle safeties. Uh Mr. Mozel is certified uh to uh to complete heavy-duty uh equipment safeties. A number the number of vehicles on the premise will be one to four as he is the only employee. All work will be completed inside the existing shop. Uh this is not a new building. Um, Mary Mozel, owner of the property, currently runs a greenhouse plant and tree nursery called Rainbow Mills Garden, which is currently a permitted use. The existing 3,840 square foot accessory building will be used for both businesses, the greenhouse, plant and tree nursery and the proposed home industry. If council were to consider this conditional use, I offer the following four conditions. Number one, that our municipal building inspector and fire chief conduct a building and fire inspection for the existing accessory building to ensure that all life safety, building and fire code requirements are met and that any required code upgrades and or infractions be corrected prior to the operation of the business and the issuance of any correspondence for MPI. Number two, the uh the employment of family and non-family members is allowed as part of the home industry up to a maximum of five persons. Number three, this order shall expire and become null and void on the date the business ceases to be in operation. Number four, this order shall not be transferable to any other owner and or lessee. And number five, the owner shall obtain an annual municipal business license. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Thank you, Mr. Ducette. Uh Jeremy, you've heard what Dan had to say. Is there anything more you want to add to that at all? Nothing. Okay, thank you. Uh then I'll open it up for the uh the public hearing here. I'll open it up for inquiries first in the audience or online. And I see nobody there. Then I'll open it up for for those in favor and or those in opposition. Again, in the audience or online and I see uh nobody there. Is there any questions from council? No questions from council. Uh then uh I'm I'm satisfied the public hearing portion has been met and I'm prepared to close the public meeting. It is now closed and we can hear the resolution and then put it to the vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by Jeremy Mozel on behalf of Marie Mozel, owner of the property located at 59049 Mill Road for a conditional use. Whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part seven conditional uses has been met, be it resolved that conditional use order number 2549 be granted subject to the five conditions. [Rep] Thank you. With that being read, I'll pose the question first to those in support, the show of hands. That is unanimous and so carried. And as agreed, we'll go to 5.5 and that'll be the variance under the same name uh for increased building size. Uh variance is 2545. Can I get a mover and a second for that, please? Uh Warren and Kazinski. [Participant 1] We have zoning variance 25-45. The proposal is to permit a maximum floor area of 3,840 square feet instead of the allowable 2,500 square feet as per section 4302 home industries within the AG Agricultural General zoning district. This is located at 59049 Mill Road, southwest quarter of 34108. Um, Mr. Jeremy Mills is requesting council's approval to allow for the home industry to operate uh [Rep] Mozel. [Participant 1] Mozel. Sorry, what did I say? [Rep] Mozel. [Participant 1] Mozel. Sorry. On Mill Road. On Mill Road. [Rep] On Mill Road. [Participant 1] Uh, Mr. Mozel is requesting council's approval to allow for the home industry to be operated in a building that exceeds 2,500 square feet limit. The existing accessory building uh has a floor area of 38 uh 40 square feet. The accessory building is shared with Mary Mozel, owner of the property who currently runs the greenhouse uh plant and tree nursery. Uh, which I mentioned was Rainbow Mills Garden. If council were to consider this variation, I would offer the following condition. Number one, that our municipal building inspector and fire chief conduct a building and fire inspection for the existing accessory building to ensure that all life safety, building and fire code requirements are met and that any required code upgrades and or infractions be corrected prior to the operation of the business and the issuance of any uh correspondence for MPI. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Thank you. Jeremy, same question, everything you heard there is okay or do you want to add anything more? Okay. Then I'll open it up to the uh to the public hearing portions there. I'll open it up for inquiries online and uh uh in the audience. And I see no hands up there. Then I'll open it up for those in favor and or those in opposition. Again, in the audience or online and I see nothing. I open up the council. Any questions or comments at all? I see none. Then I'm satisfied the public hearing portion has been met and I'm prepared to close the public hearing. It is now closed. We'll hear the question and pose the the vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by Jeremy Mozel on behalf of Marie Mozel, owner of the property located at 59049 Mill Road for a variation of the Springfield zoning bylaw number 0801. Whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part six variances has been met, be it resolved that variation order number 2545 be granted subject to the one condition. [Rep] Thank you. With the question uh being uh read, the variance, I should say. Uh can I get a show of hands first to those in support? That is unanimous and so carried. Thank you, Jeremy. We'll move on to uh Trevor now. We'll go to 5.2. That's conditional use 2550 under uh Trevor Mozel. Can I get a mover, second, please? Uh Terrian and Fuel. [Participant 1] We have conditional use 25-50. The proposal is to permit a home industry being a trucking/construction business related uh related uh and sign signage on the land as per section 84314 within the AG Agricultural General zoning district. This is located at 58044 Mill Road in the southeast quarter of 28108. Uh the applicant, Mr. Trevor Mozel is requesting council's approval for the home industry to operate Triam Trucking Limited, a trucking and construction contracting business on the land. Triam Trucking uh Limited was originally located at 59049 Mill Road and is now moving to this new location at 58044 Mill Road. Triam Trucking uh currently employees employees four full-time people. There are no customers who come to the property, only the employees who pick up the equipment then head out to the job sites. Triam Trucking business operations are as follows: They do equipment hauling, delivery of materials, road work, installation of driveways and culverts, excavations including ditching, basements, um for dwellings, retention ponds, snow clearing and hauling, and also land clearing and brushing. Types of uh vehicles and number of vehicles on the premise are listed below: two excavators, one dozer, one skid steer, one grader, five highway tractors and 10 highway trailers. The proposed hours of operation are based on a typical construction uh 10-hour day, generally Monday to Friday, 10:00 uh sorry, 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. All repairs to the fleet fleet vehicles will be completed inside the existing accessory building by Mr. Mozel. The newly constructed accessory building recently had a final inspection on October the 10th, 2025. It was noted that the accessory building permit was taken out for personal use and not for the proposed business. Since the accessory building will be used for this proposed uh business, a life safety inspection and possible upgrades may be required such as emergency uh lighting at the exits. Uh if council were to consider this conditional use, I would offer the following five conditions. Number one, that our municipal building inspector and fire chief conduct a building and fire inspection for the existing accessory building to ensure that all life safety, building and fire code requirements are met and the required code upgrades and or infractions be corrected at uh prior to the operation of the business and the issuance of any correspondence for MPI. Number two, that the employment of family and non-family members is allowed as part of the home industry up to a maximum of five persons. Number three, this order shall expire and become null and void on the date the business ceases to be in operation. Number four, that this order shall not be transferable to any other owner or and or lessee. Number five, the owner shall obtain an annual municipal business license. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Thank you. Um, the applicant is online. Uh Trevor, can you uh hear us? [Prospect] Yeah. [Rep] You heard what uh Mr. Ducette said. Is there anything you want to add? [Prospect] No. [Rep] Okay, thank you. Then we'll open it to the public hearing portion. Uh, I'll open it up uh to uh inquiries in the audience or online. And I see nobody. Then I'll open it up for those in favor and or those in opposition. In the audience or online. And I see uh nobody there. So uh open up to council. The same thing. Any questions or comments? No questions or comments. Uh then I'm satisfied the public hearing portion has been met and I'm prepared to close the public hearing and it is since closed. We'll hear the uh question and then do the vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by Trevor Mozel, owner of the property located at 58044 Mill Road for a conditional use. Whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part seven conditional uses has been met, be it resolved that conditional use order number 25-50 be granted subject to the five conditions. [Rep] Thank you. With that uh being read, I'll pose the question first to those in support. That is unanimous, so carried. Then we will go to 5.6 uh there, a variance of 2546 under Trevor Mozel for increased building size. Uh mover and a second, please? Uh Miller and Kazinski. [Participant 1] We have zoning variance 25-46. The proposal is to permit a maximum floor area of 3,000 square feet instead of the allowed 2,500 square feet as per section 4302 home industries within the AG Agricultural General zoning district. This is located at 58044 Mill Road, southeast quarter of 28108. Uh Mr. Trevor Mozel is requesting council's approval to allow for the home industry to be operated out of the building that exceeds 2,500 square feet. The newly constructed accessory building has a floor area of 3,000 square feet. If council were to consider this variance, I would offer the following condition. Number one, that our municipal building inspector and fire chief conduct a building and fire inspection for the existing accessory building to ensure that all life safety, building and fire code requirements are met and that any required code upgrades and or infractions be corrected prior to the operation of the business and the issuance of any correspondence for MPI. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Thank you, Mr. Ducette. Uh Trevor, once again, you heard Mr. Ducette. I'm assuming you heard what he said? [Prospect] Yeah. [Rep] Anything you want to change, add? [Prospect] Uh nope. [Rep] Okay, thank you. Then we'll prepare to open it to the public here. First of all, open it up for inquiries in the audience or online. And I see no responses there. I'll open it up for those in favor and or those in opposition. Again, in the audience or online. And I see nobody. Uh any questions from uh council at all? Deputy Mayor? [Deputy Mayor] Uh this is to the direct um the director. Uh Dan, I noticed that the building's built already. [Participant 1] Yes. [Deputy Mayor] Is why is this coming to us before or after the building is built? [Participant 1] The building was built and issued through just a personal use permit. Uh when one of our inspectors visited the site, they noticed the business in operation and the question was posed, uh are you running a business out of out of this location? They said yes, and then we advised them to uh obtain the uh business uh approvals for the home industry through the conditional use. [Deputy Mayor] Okay, thank you. [Rep] Thank you. Any other questions uh from uh council? Then I uh see none. Uh then at this time here, I'm prepared to close the public hearing portion. It is here closed. We'll read the uh question and uh do the vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by Trevor Mozel, owner of the property located at 58044 Mill Road for a variation. And whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part six variances has been met, be it resolved that variation order number 2546 be granted subject to the one condition. [Rep] Thank you. With the variance being read, I'll pose the question first to those in support. That is unanimous and so carried. Thank you, uh Trevor and uh and Jeremy there for attending. And have a good night. Uh then we'll go to 5.3. Uh that's conditional use 2551, uh temporary addition dwelling renewal under Taberis. There, can I get a mover and a second, please? Terrian and Warren. [Participant 1] We have conditional use 25-51. The proposal is to permit a temporary additional dwelling on the land providing temporary accommodations for Miss for Mr. Tony Taveras's parents. Uh Mr. and Mrs. uh Sarah and Joe Taveras as per section 62313 within the RR Rural Residential zoning district. This is at 35 Garvin Heights Drive in the northwest quarter of 34114. Uh Mr. Taveras and Miss Camara are requesting council's approval for the continuance of the temporary additional dwelling being a which is a detached garage with uh on the land to provide uh the accommodations, the living accommodations for Mr. Taveras's parents. Mr. Taveras's parents require assistance. Um, Mr. Taveras and Mrs. Camara are able to provide assistance with their daily tasks uh and are they are allowed to uh currently reside on the property. The 5.13 acre site contains an existing single-family dwelling and the accessory building, which is the uh temporary additional dwelling. Within their letter of intent, the owners would like uh this conditional use to remain for the duration that the family owns the property without having a five-year expiry. If council were uh if council were to consider this conditional use, I would offer the following four conditions. Number one, that immediate family member, Mr. Jose and Sarah Taveras shall only occupy the temporary additional dwelling. Uh number two, that the temporary additional dwelling, the living quarters being the granny flat shall be removed from the accessory building when no longer occupied by Mr. Jose and uh Sarah Taveras. Number three, if there is any land transfer, then the temporary additional dwelling being the living quarters must be removed from the accessory building prior to the possession date. And this order shall have an expiry uh this order shall expire and become null and void on December 31st, 2030. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Thank you, Mr. Ducette. Uh, would uh Sylvia uh Camara Taveras be in the audience? That's you, ma'am. Is there anything you want to add uh that Mr. Ducette uh [Prospect] Just that we'd like to see it go past 2030. [Rep] 30. Yes. Yeah. Anything else that you want to add, ma'am? [Prospect] No, just that we'd like to see it go past 2030. [Rep] I I can understand that, but uh if there's nothing else then I'll just assume that's that's ready to go then. Um, then I'll open it up for the uh uh inquiries in the audience and online. Then I see uh nobody. Then I'll open it up for those in favor and or those in opposition. In the audience or online. [Prospect] We're here. [Rep] Okay. I figured that. Okay. Um, all right. Uh any questions uh from uh council at all? Uh Deputy Mayor? [Deputy Mayor] Yeah, I just wanted to add to the expiry December 31st, 2030. I believe again, we have many like this. So to do for one, then we'd have to do for all. And I don't think that will happen. So uh just going to have to come back every five years. Thank you. [Rep] Any other questions or comments from council? I see none. Then I'm satisfied the public hearing portion has been met and then prepared to close the public hearing. It is now closed. We'll pose the question and pose the vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by DNO Taveras and Sylvia Camara Taveras, owners of the property located at 35 Garvin Heights Drive for a conditional use. Whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part seven conditional uses has been met, be it resolved that conditional use order number 2551 be granted subject to the four conditions. [Rep] Thank you. With that being read, I'll pose the first question. Those in support, the show of hands. That's unanimous and so carried. Okay, ma'am. Thank you very much. [Prospect] Thank you. [Rep] Yes, you too. [Deputy Mayor] You too. [Rep] Uh then uh we'll go to 5.4. It's variance 2544 uh for Duitt uh for front yard setback. A mover and a second, please? Uh Warren and uh Fuel. [Participant 1] We have zoning variance 25-44. The proposal is to permit the construction of an accessory building to be located closer to the roadway than the front wall of the principal building. And also a front yard setback of 20 feet instead of the required 25 feet and a rear yard setback of 5 feet instead of the required 10 feet as per sections 2506B, 6953 and 4 within the MG Industrial General zoning district. This is located at 405 Gun Road in the southeast quarter of 17114. Uh Mr. Duitt is requesting council's approval for the reduced front yard, reduced rear yard and the proposed accessory building closer uh located closer to the roadway than the front wall of the principal building. The property is a triangular parcel with only one property owner to the west. Uh the northwest wedge of the triangle is uh along the Cordite Drain and to the south is Gun Road. As shown on the site plan provided, the applicant is planning to construct a 140x20 building uh along the wedge of the triangle. This building is is going to be divided into 14 10x20 individual rental units used for self-storage. A mini warehouse self-storage business is listed as permitted use within the MG Industrial General zoning district. If council were to consider this variation, I would offer the following condition. Number one, that the owner shall obtain the required municipal permits. Uh just for council's information and it's attached on the agenda, we have received one letter from the City of Winnipeg not to proceed with this uh with this zoning variance for the reduced setbacks due to a possible expansion of Gun Road for widening. When I talked to the City of Winnipeg, they had no conceptual plans or anything designed as a as of yet. So that's all I'd like to add. Thank you, Mayor Terrian. [Rep] Okay, thank you. Uh would Mr. Duitt be in the audience? That's you, sir. Uh are you okay with what uh Mr. Ducette had said or do you want to add more to it? If if I can just get you to come up there, sir. Just state your name for the record and address. [Prospect] Yeah, uh Derek Duitt uh from 50 Reedkin Drive. Um, yeah, so because it's it's such a long point on it, we can better use the the property if we can move that the building closer to the the front point. Um, I'm surprised that the that it's actually ahead of the other of the original building. Um, according to the to the plan, but yeah, how do you know how far ahead it is comparably? It's maybe a couple feet. [Participant 1] Not by much. [Prospect] Just maybe a couple feet. [Participant 1] But it's just uh [Prospect] And based on the uh site plan that you had provided, the uh southeast tip of the building is is in front. Yeah. Um, if the front yard setback is uh 30 30 feet as per your plan that you had provided for the building, um, and you show a 10-foot setback, you're probably 20 feet difference uh into that space, into that front. [Prospect] Like 20 feet further ahead. [Participant 1] No, no. If you drew a straight line across the front of your principal building. [Prospect] Yeah. Yeah, so it it's a bit ahead, but it's it is a very like basically a cheap building. I mean, if they ever needed me to knock 20 feet off of it or whatever, that wouldn't be a big deal. Like it's not and I can't really see them extending or widening Gun Road there. [Rep] Okay. Well, as long as you're aware of the facts, that's that's the main thing there. [Prospect] Yeah. That's it then, sir? [Rep] Yeah. Okay, thank you. Then I'll open it up for uh inquiries in the audience or online. See no hands up there. I'll open it up for those in favor online or in the audience. And I see nobody. Then I'll open it up for those in opposition. Again, for in the audience or online. Then I see nobody. Any questions from uh council at all? [Councillor Miller] Uh thank you, Mr. Mayor. So question for Mr. Duitt, uh you have you seen the letter from the City of Winnipeg? Uh no, so it puts you in a bit of a pickle. I guess I can disclose it, right? [Participant 1] It's on the website. Yeah. [Councillor Miller] Yeah, they're basically recommending as the mayor suggested that they're going to widen Gun Road or it could interfere with their long-term strategy to widen Gun Road. So I just I'm supportive to you and your proposition, but uh what I don't know is how it's going to impact you and I suspect it's not going to be any sooner than five to perhaps even 10 years. Uh if you would have to uh again, um like you kind of mentioned, you would I don't know, modify it or take it partly down because it's storage units, right? So it [Rep] Sir, you're going to have to just come to the [Prospect] Yeah, so it's storage units, so it it's um yeah, every 20 feet basically if you just and it's it's only on a slab. So if you just cut you could cut it back 20 feet pretty easily. [Councillor Miller] And that's what I'm somewhat satisfied is that it's there's the ability to do that. It's not just one a wreck building, so to speak, that it would cause a lot of frustration, but as long as you're absolutely cognizant and aware of that, that at a certain time the city could say to you, um and to the RM that this needs to be modified, that it would be at your expense, not our expense and certainly not the City of Winnipeg. So as long as you're comfortable with that, I guess I'm good. [Prospect] Yeah, thank you. [Rep] Thank you, sir. Any other Councillor Kazinski? [Councillor Kazinski] Thank you. So yes, I would ask you, are you going to use for your own personal use that storage building or you're going to rent it out? [Prospect] Rent rent every So there'll be like 14 basically uh 14 units. [Councillor Kazinski] So if you're going to rent it out and you sign a lease with somebody and then city going to say, now you have to remove your building. Then what are you going to do in that situation? [Prospect] Yeah, well, you'd have to just uh make sure that they're aware of that too, I guess. [Councillor Kazinski] Yeah, so whoever going to rent that portion of those buildings, you can put in, you know, agreement that at any point, you know, something might happen and then you cover yourself and, you know, cover the people who going to rent it, yeah. That's what do you advise you. [Prospect] Maybe I have to throw stuff in that last one. [Councillor Kazinski] Yeah. Okay, thank you. [Rep] Yeah, thanks. Thank you, sir. Any other questions? I see none. Uh then I'm satisfied the public hearing portion has been met and prepared to close the public hearing. It is now closed. We'll read the variance and uh vote. [Participant 1] Whereas the public hearing has been conducted under the Planning Act to consider an application filed by Derek Duitt on behalf of 10243453 Manitoba Limited, owner of the property located at 405 Gun Road for a variation. Whereas council is satisfied that the requirements of part six variances has been met, be it resolved that variation order number 25-44 be granted subject to the one condition. [Rep] Thank you. Uh with that being read, I'll pose the question first to those in support. That is unanimous, so carried. Thank you, Mr. Duitt. Uh that's the end of the uh um uh the public hearing portion. We'll now go into uh the uh planning matters. Um, I'll just change my screen here. And we'll go to 6.1. Uh that's uh development plan amendment 2518 from egg preserve to employment and this is the first reading. This is not a public hearing, so uh it's just a first reading to for the uh the changing of the uh zoning. The second reading uh is when the public hearing is allotted and I would ask for respectful audience to allow us to to discuss this amongst council. Uh and depending on what happens tonight, two steps will follow. Uh if the rezoning is uh is passed uh there. The second step is the uh uh after this one and could be in a month or so depending on what happens tonight. Uh so I'll open it up for discussions uh from uh from council. No no points or discussions there. Okay. Um, I uh I'll uh go into this. Uh I feel that this uh fits our developmental plan on the employment and general purposes of the developmental plan. Uh especially under section uh 9.110, similar characteristics to a cluster uh together uh to avoid land use incapabilities with adjacent land uses uh there. Um, the um um the points uh brought up uh by the applicant uh here, I think were quite reasonable. Um, and based on uh much of what uh I have read with regards to the land use in that area. Um, contingent uh or contiguous uh to an employment uh there. Um, I think it's it's a good fit and this is just for the uh the rezoning from uh egg preserve uh to employment purposes. Unless there's any other questions. I see none. Then I'm prepared to uh do the reading and then we can uh do the vote. Oh, can I get a mover and a second for the um for this is uh Fuel and Warren. [Participant 1] Be it resolved that first reading be given to bylaw number 25-18 being a bylaw of the RM of Springfield to redesignate all those lands within west half of LS2 within southeast quarter of 36104 from egg preserve area to employment as shown on appendix A. [Rep] Thank you. With that being read, I'll pose it to the question first to those in support. That's Councillors uh Warren, uh Fuel and Terrian. I'll pose the next question. Those opposed. That'll be uh Miller and Kazinski. It is so passed. Then we'll go to the last item on the agenda. That's 6.2. It's the rezoning bylaw for uh 2519 under water water side first reading. Can I get a mover and a second for that, please? Uh Fuel and Warren. And uh everybody has the package uh like uh we did for the last one under Mr. E.D. This one's under water side. Any questions or comments from uh council at all? I see none. Then prepared to uh do the reading there and uh we'll do the vote. [Participant 1] Be it resolved that first reading be given to bylaw number 2519 being a bylaw of the RM of Springfield to rezone lot 134 plan 433WLTO within the southwest quarter 29104 described under CT number 3041533/1 from AG Agricultural General zoning district to MB Industrial zoning district under zoning bylaw 0801 as shown up on appendix A. [Rep] Thank you. With that being read, I'll pose the first question. Those in support with a show of hands, please. That'll be uh Kazinski, uh Warren, uh Fuel and Terrian. Those opposed. You're for it? Okay, so that's unanimous. All right, so it is carried. Uh there's nothing in a close meeting uh there. So we're prepared to go to an adjournment. And I get a mover and a second for an adjournment. Uh Warren and uh Fuel. And I declare this is adjourned at 6:38 p.m. Thank you very much.